feat: create using discover services with JS page (#1374)
agrc/gis.utah.gov: developer/base-maps/discover/index.md

---
title: Using Discover Base Maps in your Web Applications
author:
  display_name: Scott Davis
  email: stdavis@utah.gov
tags:
  - discover
  - web services
categories:
  - Developer
date: 2020-04-09 00:00:00
---

> Base map services hosted on discover.utah.gov are delivered via [WMTS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_Map_Tile_Service). WMTS is an [OGC](https://www.ogc.org/) standard for delivering tiled map data. The [Esri JavaScript API](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/) provides a class for consuming with these services called a [WebTileLayer](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-layers-WebTileLayer.html). Using this class is as simple as passing in the URL to the WMTS service with the appropriate level, column and row tokens. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Base map services hosted on discover.utah.gov are delivered via [WMTS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_Map_Tile_Service). WMTS is an [OGC](https://www.ogc.org/) standard for delivering tiled map data. The [Esri JavaScript API](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/) provides a class for interacting with these services, called a [WebTileLayer](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/api-reference/esri-layers-WebTileLayer.html). Using this class is as simple as passing in the URL to the WMTS service with the appropriate level, column, and row tokens. For example:
```

```javascript
require([
  "esri/Map",
  "esri/views/MapView",
  "esri/layers/WebTileLayer"
], function (Map, MapView, WebTileLayer) {
  const map = new Map();

  const layer = new WebTileLayer({
    urlTemplate:
      "https://discover.agrc.utah.gov/login/path/dragon-visitor-honey-perfume/tiles/lite_basemap/{level}/{col}/{row}"
  });

  map.add(layer);

  const view = new MapView({
    container: "viewDiv",
    map: map,
    center: [-111.5, 40],
    zoom: 11
  });
});
```

> You’ll notice that the URL to the service includes a quad word that is unique to your organization and project. If you don’t have an account set up or a quad word, you can [register on our website]({% link discover/license/index.md %}) to get started. **If you are planning on putting your quad word into a website or somewhere that it is publicly accessible, you will need to {% include contact.html subject=page.title contact=site.data.contacts.discover hide-punctuation=true text='contact' %} to receive a special quad word for licensing reasons.**

Reviewer: someone tried to register for a quad word by signing up for the newsletter...

```suggestion
You’ll notice that the URL to the service includes a quad word that is unique to your organization and project. If you don’t have a quad word, you can find the links to [register on our website]({% link discover/license/index.md %}). **If you are planning on using your quad word in a website or a publicly accessible place, you will need to {% include contact.html subject=page.title contact=site.data.contacts.discover hide-punctuation=true text='contact' %} to receive a special quad word for licensing reasons.**
```
